hey guys mrs talk techie here, and I am here to showcase wheel of names.
which is basically a randomizing tool and whats great about it is that it is a web tool
so it'll work anywhere across any platform. so all you have to do is go to wheelofnames.com and its ready to go.
and what I wanna to do is I wanna kind of navigate through some of the features that it has
but before that just let you know what it is right. so first of all it starts off with giving you some random names.
of course you will customize these to your class or whoever your presenting or something like that.
but just to kinda show you how it works, you basically click on this.
and it spins it.
and it picks a individual on your wheel.
so here it picked charles now you have the option of closing it and if you click on close then charles stays in the wheel. and can be choosen again.
but if you click on remove then charles is no longer there.
and we spin again, and now the rest of the idividuals are left.
and so like I said you can do 1 of 2 either your close it, or you remove it
closing it will keep em there
so now we're down to four individuals.
so its very simple to use.
literally you add the names here.
and so you can be adding as many names as you want.
you can have a list.
a premade list already, if you'd like.
so for example.
I have a list here, of my students, and I have second third fourth fifth.
but what you would do is literally just copy, and you could literally just paste.
and when you have it on your desktop its really easy to use.
and you can go ahead and spin it as well.
so thats the first way of using it.
another way that it can be used, is 1 of my favourties, which is instead of adding names, we can add images.
so here im gonna get rid of this
and now what im gonna do is im gonna add an image
lets say on my desktop I have my braves images, so these are my kids. Im a huge braves fan as I mentioned.
so what im gonna do, is im gonna add all their faces to my wheel. of names. and now they can be choosen through just an image.
so you have your kids and you've taken a picture of them you can go ahead and do that, save it on your desktop.
and here we have my favourite player, he is the winner.
so thats just another way that we can continue using this.
additional you can mix and match and have the images. and you can also have text. as well.
so now I added both their names and their images.
and I can shuffle. and I can sort.
by last name first name things like that.
so thats a way we can go about using it, so really neat.
some other stuff to navigate on the top here, you can create a whole new one. you can open a saved 1. you can save this 1. and choose to share it out and youll get a link and you actually can give to other teachers who might have this same class.
other ones. when you wanna kinda mess with talouring and customizing the actual wheel. you can choose if you want it to tick if you want other types of sounds. the piano and stuff like that.
after the spin to you want their name to be animated. and you'll see right now so I went ahead and clicked on it.
colors. if you wanna customize the colors you can choose to apply a theme to it.
if you want a image in the center of your wheel, you can upload that. so for example im gonna find my little geenie right here. and im going to use it.
and now you have my little avatar right there.
and so it customized everything you can go full screen and you can click on it.
its just a really neat way to randomize and rotate.
you don't have to use names of kids. be innovative. in a sense where you can add uhm, instead you can add vocabulary words, right, things that your using in the class room. so its just up to you how you wanna go about using it. be creative. be innovative. let me know if you like this guys. don't forget to subscribe and hit me up if you want me to do any other tutorials on anything that your intrested in. okay guys I hope you liked it and we'll see you later have a good one